Protests to greet DeVos at historically black college commencement address

A leading civil rights group on Monday called for the resignation of top leaders at a historically black university where Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is set to deliver the commencement address.
The NAACP Florida State Conference is urging the university president and board chairman of Bethume-Cookman University in Daytona Beach, Florida, to step down following the announcement of DeVos' speech last week.
The organization is claiming that faculty members have been threatened with termination and students could have their degrees withheld for speaking out against her appearance.
The university did not respond to CNN's request for a comment on the NAACP letter.
In addition, protests took place last week and more are expected on campus outside the hall where DeVos is scheduled to address those graduating on Wednesday. The anti-Trump group Indivisible, the NAACP Florida Conference and students plan to demonstrate at the event.
University president Edison Jackson has defended the invitation, however, saying it benefits students to hear from those with controversial ideals and differing beliefs.
"If our students are robbed of the opportunity to experience and interact with views that may be different from their own, then they will be tremendously less equipped for the demands of democratic citizenship," he said in a statement posted online.

CNN
*****
Warriors Waltz Past Jazz to Finish Sweep as Stephen Curry, Draymond Green Shine

While the rest of the playoff teams are busy battling each other, the Golden State Warriors and Cleveland Cavaliers are sweeping their way toward a potential third straight NBA Finals matchup.
Golden State joined Cleveland at 8-0 in the playoffs Monday when it finished its sweep of the Utah Jazz with a 121-95 victory at Vivint Smart Home Arena. The Warriors clinched their third consecutive trip to the Western Conference Finals in the process.  
Stephen Curry scored a game-high 30 points, but the win was a testament to Golden State's unbeatable array of playmakers. Draymond Green notched a triple-double, and Kevin Durant and Klay Thompson got in on the scoring fun:
The Jazz played without the injured George Hill and announced they lost Rodney Hood to a knee sprain late in the game. As a result, they turned to Gordon Hayward (25 points), Rudy Gobert (12 points and 13 rebounds), Shelvin Mack (18 points) and Dante Exum (15 points) to spearhead an attack that came up short.

Bleacher Report
*****
WhatsApp has encrypted its iPhone backups - here's why that matters

WhatsApp has quietly added encryption for messages backed up on Apple's iCloud in a move that bolsters its security against hackers and spies. 
The messaging app added end-to-end encryption that prevents messages being intercepted last year, but until recently the chats were stored in a readable form when iPhone users backed their chats up on Apple's own servers.
While iCloud accounts are encrypted, someone with Apple's decryption key would have been able to access the entirety of a users' communication history, meaning they theoretically could have handed messages to law enforcement if instructed to do so. Hackers with access to iCloud accounts could have done the same. 
The extra layer of security means messages are now stored on Apple's cloud backup in a way that is not legible to anyone without WhatsApp's decryption key.
"When a user backs up their chats through WhatsApp to iCloud, the backup files are sent encrypted," said WhatsApp.  It is not clear if WhatsApp has introduced similar security for Android users. The app has been contacted for comment.

Telegraph
*****
Congressman ends interview when asked about screening town hall attendees

An Iowa congressman abruptly ended an interview moments after it started when pressed why he was requiring town hall attendees to prove they are his constituents.
"This is ridiculous," said Rod Blum, an Iowa Republican as he removed the microphone attached to his shirt, stood up and exited the room. "This is ridiculous."
Blum, who represents a competitive district in eastern Iowa, was seated in a classroom surrounded by grade-school children as he spoke in Dubuque with KCRG reporter Josh Scheinblum. As town halls grow chaotic across the country due to divisions over whether to replace Obamacare, Blum required attendees to "verify residency" at his Monday event by showing that they live in his district, according to a town hall Eventbrite page.
"Some would make the case that you represent all Iowans. The decisions that you make impact all Iowans. So shouldn't all Iowans have a voice at the table?" Scheinblum asked.
"I don't represent all Iowans," Blum said with a laugh. "I represent the 1st District of Iowa. That'd be like saying: 'Shouldn't I be able to -- even though I live in Dubuque -- go vote in Iowa City during the election because I'd like to vote in that district instead?'"

CNN
